the life you know
all the stuff you take for granted it's
not gonna last
[Music]
imagine a world of permanent darkness
where machines control man's destiny
imagine you were the only one who could
stop it
but before you do something terrible has
to happen
this can't be happening
John Connor was here where is he
are you going to kill me no my mission
is to protect you TX can you find a way
to destroy her I'm like me I'm obsolete
to design
[Music]
th has corrupted my system machines
you're starting to take over
[Applause]
social day
the world today three hours from now
get away from me now
to ensure the survival of John Connor
desire is irrelevant I am a machine
[Music]